README.md, before:

# Guild-Emblem-Generator

The Guild-Emblem-Generator is a tool written in Node.js to convert emblem and
guild objects obtained via the Battle.net API into actual images. You can
convert the object into a buffer or a Canvas.

## Usage

You can use the emblem generator one of two ways as of the 1.0.0 release, either
obtain the buffer of the generated image, or the canvas object which we generate
using [node-canvas](https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas). Here are samples
using both ways:

```javascript
const emblemGenerator = require('guild-emblem-generator')
const fs = require('fs')

const testEmblem = {
  'icon': 97,
  'iconColor': 'ff101517',
  'iconColorId': 15,
  'border': 0,
  'borderColor': 'ff0f1415',
  'borderColorId': 15,
  'backgroundColor': 'ffffffff',
  'backgroundColorId': 49
}

const testGuild = {
  'lastModified': 1512863169000,
  'name': 'Precognition',
  'realm': 'Balnazzar',
  'battlegroup': 'Ruin',
  'level': 25,
  'side': 1,
  'achievementPoints': 1575,
  'emblem': {
    'icon': 97,
    'iconColor': 'ff101517',
    'iconColorId': 15,
    'border': 0,
    'borderColor': 'ff0f1415',
    'borderColorId': 15,
    'backgroundColor': 'ffffffff',
    'backgroundColorId': 49
  }
}

emblemGenerator.getEmblemBufferFromGuild(testGuild).then(buffer => {
  fs.writeFileSync(`${testGuild.name}.png`, buffer)
})

emblemGenerator.getEmblemCanvas(testEmblem, 1).then(canvas => {
  console.log(canvas)
})
```

Commit message:

Version increase and quick fix
My dumbass forgot to include the faction id for the saveEmblemToFile method... 🤦‍♂️

README.md, after:

# Guild-Emblem-Generator

The Guild-Emblem-Generator is a tool written in Node.js to convert emblem and
guild objects obtained via the Battle.net API into actual images. You can
convert the object into a buffer or a Canvas.

## Usage

You can use the emblem generator one of 3 ways as of the 1.1.0 release, you can
generate a buffer of the generated image, a canvas object which we generate
using [node-canvas](https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas), or to save the
generated image to a directory. Here are samples showing how to use them:

```javascript
const emblemGenerator = require('guild-emblem-generator')
const fs = require('fs')

const testEmblem = {
  'icon': 97,
  'iconColor': 'ff101517',
  'iconColorId': 15,
  'border': 0,
  'borderColor': 'ff0f1415',
  'borderColorId': 15,
  'backgroundColor': 'ffffffff',
  'backgroundColorId': 49
}

const testGuild = {
  'lastModified': 1512863169000,
  'name': 'Precognition',
  'realm': 'Balnazzar',
  'battlegroup': 'Ruin',
  'level': 25,
  'side': 1,
  'achievementPoints': 1575,
  'emblem': {
    'icon': 97,
    'iconColor': 'ff101517',
    'iconColorId': 15,
    'border': 0,
    'borderColor': 'ff0f1415',
    'borderColorId': 15,
    'backgroundColor': 'ffffffff',
    'backgroundColorId': 49
  }
}

emblemGenerator.getEmblemBufferFromGuild(testGuild).then(buffer => {
  fs.writeFileSync(`${testGuild.name}.png`, buffer)
})

emblemGenerator.getEmblemCanvas(testEmblem, 1).then(canvas => {
  console.log(canvas)
})

emblemGenerator.saveEmblemToFile(testEmblem, 1, 'MyTestGuild.png').then(() => {
  console.log('The file has been saved!')
})
```

## SaveEmblemToFile options

The options for the `saveEmblemToFile()` method are the same options available
to the `fs.writeFile()` method that is present in node by default. For more
information, please see the [node.js documenation](https://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_fs_writefile_file_data_options_callback)
on the method.
